This is a *very* simple model of a planetary atmosphere with lots of dust.
This atmosphere does not contain molecular opacities or so, only simple dust
opacity. The purpose of this setup is just to demonstrate how one could use
RADMC-3D also fro this kind of purposes. BUT to do it right you need to
include gas opacities and such. In fact, to treat the collossal number of
gas lines you would be advised to use the "line list mode" of RADMC-3D,
which is currently not yet available (as of 12.01.10), but will become
available some time during 2010 presumably. 

This model setup follows the general philosophy of creating all the input
files for radmc3d via an IDL script called problem_setup.pro. The model
calculation is then done by the globally (for the user) installed radmc3d,
i.e. the radmc3d from the src/ directory.

This directory should contain the following files: 

  README                         (This file)
  Makefile                       (Only for convenient cleanmodel and cleanall)
  dustkappa_silicate.inp         (some dust opacity file)
  problem_setup.pro              (an IDL script for setting up some input files)
  plot_session.pro               (an IDL script for plotting the dust temperature result)

This is what the model does:

  The model contains two sphere-like "stars": one is the planet, located
  at (0,0,0) and the other is the host star, located at (0,0,0.2*AU). 
  Around the planet a spherical coordinate system is installed, with
  axial symmetry. This is justified because the host star has been put
  on the z-axis, so everything is axisymmetric. The coordinates are r
  (the radius of spherical coordinates, now acting as height in the 
  atmosphere) and theta (the 'lattitude', though with the 'pole' pointing
  toward the host star). 

This is what you should do to run this model:

  1) Make sure you have compiled the main radmc3d code in src/ already.
     See manual for how to compile.
  2) Go into IDL and type '.r problem_setup.pro'
  3) Exit IDL
  4) In the shell type 'radmc3d mctherm' and wait until this is finished

You can now see the temperature structure by:

  1) Go back into IDL
  2) Type '.r plot_session.pro'
  3) Exit IDL
  4) View the temperature.ps file.

You can also, more for fun than for real, make an image:

  1) Inside IDL type '.r viewimage.pro' (if you have followed the advice on
     how to install the IDL subroutines, this should work just like that).
  2) Inside IDL type 'viewimage'. This should spawn the image viewer. 
     You will see the planet. Try viewing at 10 micron. You see the 
     planet as it is irradiated from the top. You can rotate
     the view by putting '90' in the PosAng box. 

You can also make a spectrum. To make an SED on the same wavelength grid as
in wavelength_micron.inp, and at a viewing angle given by an inclination of
say 25 degrees and a phi-angle of say 85 degrees, do the following (after
having gone through the above stuff):

  1) Type in the shell: 
     radmc3d sed incl 25. phi 85.
  2) Go into IDL
  3) .r readradmc
  4) s=readspectrum()
  5) plotspectrum,s,dpc=140.

This will plot the spectrum in nu*F_nu as seen from a distance of 140
parsec. Note that the star is not in the viewing window (= the standard
viewing window when making an image), so the spectrum will be of the
planet only. 

Please have a close look at the problem_setup.pro file for getting an 
understanding of how this model is set up. 

NOTE: Scattering is switched off in this example run.

12.01.10

NOTE: As of version 0.31 of RADMC-3D this model comes with a dust opacity
      table that spans a larger wavelength range, allowing it to be used
      down to lower temperatures. The new opacity table is made with the Mie
      code from the opac/dust_continuum/jena/ directory, using the
      olmg50.lnk optical constants file from the Jena database. This is
      MgFeSiO4 with a specific weight of 3.71 gram/cm^3. The grain size is
      0.1 micron radius.

