This is like run_simple_1, but now with less density and including 
isotropic scattering.

This directory should contain the following files: 

  README                         (This file)
  Makefile                       (Only for convenient cleanmodel and cleanall)
  dustkappa_silicate.inp         (some dust opacity file, this time WITH scattering!)
  problem_setup.pro              (an IDL script for setting up some input files)

This is what the model does:

  The model sets up a simple Gaussian blob of dust surrounding a star in a
  3-D cartesian grid. It is the same model as the one in run_simple_1/
  but this time it is with 100x lower density and with a different 
  opacity table: an opacity table with scattering opacity (isotropic
  scattering only, in this example). Also, in contrast to run_simple_1/,
  we do NOT set the scattering_mode_max to 0, so in other words: we allow
  RADMC-3D to include scattering. 

This is what you should do to run this model:

  1) Make sure you have compiled the main radmc3d code in src/ already.
     See manual for how to compile.
  2) Go into IDL and type '.r problem_setup.pro'
  3) Exit IDL
  4) In the shell type 'radmc3d mctherm' and wait until this is finished
  6) Go back into IDL
  7) Inside IDL type '.r viewimage.pro' (if you have followed the advice on
     how to install the IDL subroutines, this should work just like that).
  8) Inside IDL type 'viewimage'. This should spawn the image viewer. 
     Now, by going to short wavelength, you should still see a glow around
     the star which, in run_simple_1/, was not present. This glow is the
     scattering. Also note that at short wavelengths RADMC-3D is a bit slower
     than usual. This is because for the scattering it does a special-purpose
     small Monte Carlo simulation at the wavelength of interest, to calculate
     the scattering source function on-the-fly. 

Please have a close look at the problem_setup.pro file for getting an 
understanding of how this model is set up. 

14.08.09
