This is a simple 1-D spherical envelope model.

This directory should contain the following files: 

  README                         (This file)
  Makefile                       (Only for convenient cleanmodel and cleanall)
  dustkappa_silicate.inp         (some dust opacity file)
  problem_setup.pro              (an IDL script for setting up some input files)

This is what the model does:

  It puts a spherical envelope of dust around a star and computes the
  temperature structure of the envelope. You can then make spectra and
  images.

This is what you should do to run this model:

  1) Make sure you have compiled the main radmc3d code in src/ already.
     See manual for how to compile.
  2) Go into IDL and type '.r problem_setup.pro'
  3) Exit IDL
  4) In the shell type 'radmc3d mctherm' and wait until this is finished
  6) Go back into IDL
  7) Inside IDL type '.r viewimage.pro' (if you have followed the advice on
     how to install the IDL subroutines, this should work just like that).
  8) Inside IDL type 'viewimage'. This should spawn the image viewer. 

Apart from viewing images, you can also make a spectrum. To make an SED
on the same wavelength grid as in wavelength_micron.inp, and at a viewing
angle given by an inclination of say 25 degrees and a phi-angle of say 85
degrees, do the following (after having gone through the above stuff):

  1) Type in the shell: 
     radmc3d sed incl 25. phi 85.
  2) Go into IDL
  3) .r readradmc
  4) s=readspectrum()
  5) plotspectrum,s,dpc=140.

This will plot the spectrum in nu*F_nu as seen from a distance of 140
parsec.  You can also plot it in Jy: plotspectrum,s,dpc=140.,/jy, or as
nu*F_nu in units of solar luminosity: plotspectrum,s,/lsun. 

You can also make a spectrum of a small part of the spectral range:

  1) Type in the shell: 
     radmc3d spectrum incl 25. phi 85. lambdarange 5. 20. nlam 100
  2) Go into IDL
  3) .r readradmc
  4) s=readspectrum()
  5) plotspectrum,s,dpc=140.

The spectrum itself is written out in a file called spectrum.out. Just type
less spectrum.out to see the file. The flux is in CGS units, and normalized
to 1 parsec distance (although for all purposes the true flux will be at
much larger distances, but you can simply scale the spectrum by the factor
(parsec/distance)^2, because for the spectrum the far-field limit is used,
in spite of the "1 parsec" normalization.

Please have a close look at the problem_setup.pro file for getting an 
understanding of how this model is set up. 

NOTE: Scattering is switched off in this example run.

13.01.10, 20.05.12

NOTE: As of version 0.31 of RADMC-3D this model comes with a dust opacity
      table that spans a larger wavelength range, allowing it to be used
      down to lower temperatures. The new opacity table is made with the Mie
      code from the opac/dust_continuum/jena/ directory, using the
      olmg50.lnk optical constants file from the Jena database. This is
      MgFeSiO4 with a specific weight of 3.71 gram/cm^3. The grain size is
      0.1 micron radius.

NOTE: As of version 0.41 of RADMC-3D you can also make use of "circular
      images" and "circular spectra". This is a new feature of RADMC-3D
      allowing for pixel arrangements not in rows and columns, but in 
      concentric circles. Works only for spherical coordinates. Advantage:
      faster, more accurate (in most cases), and for 1-D spherical models
      more convenient (yielding intensity as a function of radius instead
      of square images).
      21.03.17
