This is a toy model of a clumpy dusty torus around a supermassive black hole.
This is the 3-D version of the 2-D model of Dullemond & van Bemmel (2005),
A&A 436, 47.

This model setup follows the general philosophy of creating all the input
files for radmc3d via an IDL script called problem_setup.pro. The model
calculation is then done by the globally (for the user) installed radmc3d,
i.e. the radmc3d from the src/ directory.

This directory should contain the following files: 

  README                             (This file)
  Makefile                           (Only for convenient cleanmodel and cleanall)
  dustkappa_laordraine_0.1mic.inp    (dust opacity file)
  problem_setup.pro                  (an IDL script for setting up some input files)
  make_movie_rotation.pro            (an IDL script for making movie of rotation)
  make_movie_journey.pro             (an IDL script for making movie of travel through)

This is what the model does:

  It sets up a spherical 3-D coordinate system and places spherical Gaussian
  density blobs at random positions on the grid. The size of the blobs is
  always scaling with radial distance from the center, so that they always
  'fit' well to the local scales. NOTE: This model is somewhat large and
  takes some memory. It also takes IDL some time to put all the blobs on
  the grid. This could be done more efficiently. 

This is what you should do to run this model:

  1) Make sure you have compiled the main radmc3d code in src/ already.
     See manual for how to compile.
  2) Go into IDL and type '.r problem_setup.pro'
  3) Exit IDL
  4) In the shell type 'radmc3d mctherm' and wait until this is finished.
     This may take some time.

You can now make images:

  1) Inside IDL type '.r viewimage.pro' (if you have followed the advice on
     how to install the IDL subroutines, this should work just like that).
  2) Inside IDL type 'viewimage'. This should spawn the image viewer. 
     You will see the planet. Try viewing at 10 micron. 
  3) You can start viewimage instead with viewimage,/local, which gives you
     more options: it gives you the possibility to travel as a local 
     observer through the model and view the model from inside.

You can also make a spectrum. To make an SED on the same wavelength grid as
in wavelength_micron.inp, and at a viewing angle given by an inclination of
say 25 degrees and a phi-angle of say 85 degrees, do the following (after
having gone through the above stuff):

  1) Type in the shell: 
     radmc3d sed incl 25. phi 85.
  2) Go into IDL
  3) .r readradmc
  4) s=readspectrum()
  5) plotspectrum,s,/lsun

This will plot the spectrum in nu*L_nu in units of solar luminosity. 

Please have a close look at the problem_setup.pro file and the other helper
files for getting an understanding of how this model is set up.

NOTE: Scattering is switched off in this example run.

13.01.10
